README.md, before:

# Prello-back
Prello's back-end application.

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/awi2017-option1group1/Prello-back/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/awi2017-option1group1/Prello-back/tree/master)

- - - - - - - - -

## Installation

- Clone the github repository. 

    `git clone https://github.com/awi2017-option1group1/Prello-back `
- Install the dependencies for development mode 

	`npm install`
- Setup PostgreSQL connexion variables in `src/connectionParams.ts`.   

## Execution

- Source the `.env.dev` file

    `source .env.dev`
- To run the application in development mode (need the back-end up and running) 

    `npm run start:dev`
- To run the application in production mode (need the back-end up and running) 

	`npm run build && npm start`
- To run the tests

	`npm test`

- - - - - - - - -

## Dependencies

- Prello back end application is written in `Typescript`.  
- It is built with `Express`.
- We use `TypeORM` as ORM for the application.  
- To test the application we use `Jest`.

- - - - - - - - -

## Contributing

Please follow the Google Angular guidelines: 
[Guidelines](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#-git-commit-guidelines)

## Useful links to look at before contributing
- [TypeORM documentation](http://typeorm.io/#/)

Commit message:

feat(test): setup the environement

README.md, after:

# Prello-back
Prello's back-end application.

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/awi2017-option1group1/Prello-back/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/awi2017-option1group1/Prello-back/tree/master)

- - - - - - - - -

## Installation

- Clone the github repository. 

    `git clone https://github.com/awi2017-option1group1/Prello-back `
- Install the dependencies for development mode 

	`npm install`
- Create the database (just create it, all the tables will be automatically generated latter).   

## Execution

- Source the `.env.dev` file

    `source .env.dev`
- To run the application in development mode (need the back-end up and running) 

    `npm run start:dev`
- To run the application in production mode (need the back-end up and running) 

	`npm run build && npm start`
- To run the tests (you should create the test database first)

	`npm test`

- - - - - - - - -

## Dependencies

- Prello back end application is written in `Typescript`.  
- It is built with `Express`.
- We use `TypeORM` as ORM for the application.  
- To test the application we use `Jest`.

- - - - - - - - -

## Contributing

Please follow the Google Angular guidelines: 
[Guidelines](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#-git-commit-guidelines)

## Useful links to look at before contributing
- [TypeORM documentation](http://typeorm.io/#/)
